[SSL] Migrated general FAQ out of /support/ (#11671)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ssl/troubleshooting/faq.md

---
pcx_content_type: faq
title: FAQ
meta:
    title: General FAQ
---

# FAQ

The following provide answers to the most common questions associated with Cloudflare SSL/TLS certificates and settings.

> ## I have multiple Cloudflare certificates, which one is used?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## If I have multiple Cloudflare certificates, which one is used?
```

Cloudflare certificates are prioritized by a combination of hostname specificity, zone specificity, and certificate type.

For more details, refer to [Certificate and hostname priority](/ssl/reference/certificate-and-hostname-priority/).

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

Occasionally, the Cloudflare dashboard displays a wildcard certificate with only the apex hostname listed (and does not include the wildcard symbol `*`).

This behavior occurs when all of the following conditions are true:
- The zone is on a [subdomain setup](/dns/zone-setups/subdomain-setup/).

> - The certificate has a subject or SAN that is a wildcard for the zone's parent domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The certificate has a subject or SAN that is a wildcard for the zone's parent domain.
```

If the Certificate Authority requires a manual review of brand, phishing, or TLD requirements, a Universal SSL certificate can take longer than 24 hours to issue.

___

## What does SSL invalid brand check mean?

Some domains are not eligible for the Universal SSL if they contain words that conflict with trademarked domains.

To resolve this issue, you can:

-   Purchase an [advanced certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/advanced-certificate-manager/).
-   Upload your own [custom certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/custom-certificates/uploading/).

___

## Does Cloudflare SSL support Internationalized Domain Names (IDN)?

Cloudflare supports double byte / IDN / punycode domains. Domains with non-Latin characters receive SSL/TLS certificates just like any other domain added to Cloudflare.

___

## How do I redirect all visitors to HTTPS/SSL?

Refer to [Encrypt all visitor traffic](/ssl/edge-certificates/encrypt-visitor-traffic/).

___

## Does SSL work for hosting partners?

> A Free Universal SSL certificate is available for all new Cloudflare domains added via a hosting partner using both [full](/dns/zone-setups/full-setup/) and [partial setups](/dns/zone-setups/partial-setup/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A free Universal SSL certificate is available for all new Cloudflare domains added via a hosting partner using both [full](/dns/zone-setups/full-setup/) and [partial setups](/dns/zone-setups/partial-setup/).
```

For more details, refer to [Enable Universal SSL certificates](/ssl/edge-certificates/universal-ssl/enable-universal-ssl/).

{{<Aside type="note">}}

For domains added to Cloudflare prior to December 9, 2016, the hosting
partner must delete and re-add the domain to Cloudflare to provision the
SSL certificate.

{{</Aside>}}

___

## Are Cloudflare SSL certificates shared?

No. Cloudflare SSL/TLS certificates are not shared across domains nor across customers.

___

> ## An SSL certificate is installed at my website, why do I see a Cloudflare certificate?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why do I see a Cloudflare certificate when an SSL certificate is installed at my website?
```

Cloudflare must decrypt traffic in order to cache and filter malicious traffic. Cloudflare either re-encrypts traffic or sends plain text traffic to the origin web server depending on your domain's [encryption mode](/ssl/origin-configuration/ssl-modes/).

___

> ## I want Cloudflare to use an SSL certificate I've purchased elsewhere

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## I want Cloudflare to use an SSL certificate that I purchased elsewhere.
```

Yes. For more details, refer to our documentation on [Mutual TLS authentication](/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/access-integrations/mutual-tls-authentication/).

___

## How do I obtain an SSL certificate for customers on partial (CNAME) setup?

A [partial DNS setup](/dns/zone-setups/partial-setup/) requires additional steps to provision and validate an SSL certificate.

For more details, refer to [Enable Universal SSL](/ssl/edge-certificates/universal-ssl/enable-universal-ssl#partial-dns-setup).

___

## Can I use Certificate Pinning?

No. Multiple industry leaders — including [Digicert](https://www.digicert.com/blog/certificate-pinning-what-is-certificate-pinning) and [Mozilla](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Public_Key_Pinning) — have discouraged certificate pinning because of security concerns.

For a safer alternative, use [Certificate Transparency Monitoring](/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/certificate-transparency-monitoring/).

___

## Where can I learn more about SSL?

To learn more about SSL, go to the [Cloudflare Learning Center](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/ssl/what-is-ssl/).

___

> ## Redsys doesn't seem to be working with my Let's Encrypt Certificate?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Redsys is not working with my Let's Encrypt Certificate.
```

The Let's Encrypt Certificate Authority and SNI are not currently supported by Redsys.

We recommend one of the following options:

> -   Changing the Universal Certificate Certificate Authority to a different CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Change the Universal Certificate Certificate Authority to a different CA.
```

> -   Adding an [advanced certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/advanced-certificate-manager/) or [custom certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/custom-certificates/) using a different CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Add an [advanced certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/advanced-certificate-manager/) or [custom certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/custom-certificates/) using a different CA.
```
